Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 15]
Please show me your arm.
Miss, please show me your arm.
You have to show it to me
so I can treat it.
If you were going to be stubborn,
why did you come here?
Can't you speak Korean?
Do you speak Korean? Yes or no?
If not, do you speak English?
Can you speak it or not?
What's the matter?
I think she hurt her arm,
but she won't talk.
She's talking right now.
She is, isn't she?
Why don't you want treatment?
- I'm not here for myself.
- Then?
My son is sick.
Where's your child?
At home.
Don't worry. I can help your child.
Where is your house?
It's that face.
It was that expression on my man's
face that I missed so much.
Your man?
I guess you didn't know.
Doctor Kwak and I are engaged.
- There's another patient.
- Another patient?
It's an emergency. I'll bring
the patient here, but in the meantime
please treat his guardian.
Isn't Hyun pretty cool?
The workplace is where we work.
If you want a deeper relationship
we can no longer be colleagues,
that's why...
Is this the wall?
Are you telling me not to cross it?
That's right.
I got it. If that's what you want.
But, remember this.
This might not be a wall, but a door.
So you can open it whenever you're ready.
I'll be waiting on the other side.
Lidocaine.
It was that expression on my man's
face that I missed so much.
Isn't Hyun pretty cool?
Doctor.
- Doctor.
- Yes?
Aren't you going to do the sutures?
Hand me Nylon #4.
You're holding it right now.
It's in your hands.
Yes.
Did you... blank out, by any chance?
Bring the monitor. Hurry.
- Nurse, prepare the fluids.
- Yes, Doctor.
His temperature is 38.7. He had
a stomachache and diarrhea for 12 hours.
His blood pressure is 80/50.
His heart rate is over 130.
- Then...
- It could be blood poisoning, right?
Did he have a fever or cough
in the last 10 days?
Did his head hurt?
He was like this since yesterday.
- Did he eat raw seafood?
- Vibrio vulnificus septicemia?
It's not out of the question.
Did you feed him any raw seafood?
There are no wounds infected by sea
water. And if he didn't eat raw seafood...
Then we can exclude
vibrio vulnificus septicemia.
What could the cause be?
We'll give him an arteriopressor
and antibiotics and see his progress.
Nurse Ah Rim.
We'll give him 0.2 micrograms
of norepinephrine every hour.
750 milligrams of cefotetan
and 250 milligrams of metronidazole.
Yes.
It's not an emergency,
but we must hospitalize him.
We must culture his blood to check the
strain to give him the right treatment.
We'll depart soon,
so we can transfer him, right?
I'll ask the ambulance
to meet us when we arrive.
Yes.
Prepare the defibrillator.
Excuse me, please calm down.
- Take her out!
- Yes.
Please calm down.
It'll be okay. It'll be fine.
- Geez.
- Be careful.
- 160. Doctor Song.
- Charged!
Three, two, one. Clear!
- Charge to 110. Doctor Song.
- Charged!
Three, two, one. Clear!
- I don't think it's just an infection.
- There must be another reason.
Doctor Song.
If there are wounds
in an area like this...
- It's vibrio vulnificus septicemia.
- Vibrio vulnificus septicemia? Then...
If we don't treat it right away,
he could die in the next 48 hours.
I'll transfer him to the operating room.
- Geez.
- If you just calm down...
- Excuse me.
- Geez.
Wait.
Young Eun, tell her that his life will be
at risk if we don't operate immediately.
Yeah, I'll do that.
You're the only one who can speak
to her. Take care of her, okay?
I got it, Hyun.
If they don't operate right away,
his life will be at risk.
What do we do about my son?
"Young Eun?"
Why did you call Artist Choi,
What's your relationship
with Artist Choi?
Nurse Yoo, don't you see the patient?
Is that important right now?
Scalpel.
Your child will be okay.
A good doctor is treating him.
Please be careful. You can
come this way. Yes, that's right.
- Hey.
- What? Who is this?
He's the boy's father.
He's hurt, so we helped him get here.
What do we do about our son?
Welcome.
Welcome, Artist Choi.
Please have some coffee.
Thank you.
We only have instant coffee.
I'm grateful for any kind of coffee.
By the way, how are you
so good at sign language?
I learned it with Hyun.
Are you like brother
and sister with Hyun?
Yes, kind of.
- Is he your boyfriend?
- How did you meet Doctor Kwak?
- Sign language class.
- Sign language class?
This means, "I like you."
You must make a fist.
And then touch your nose
with your fist. "I like you."
- I...
- like...
- you.
Tardy student.
Let's move on. Let's try it together.
This means, "I love you."
For this, make a fist with your left hand
and wave your right hand
on top of it. "I love you."
- I love you.
- Please face your partner.
Please ask your partner
what their favorite season is.
What is your favorite season?
I like winter.
I also... like winter.
He was in fourth year medical school,
and I was in my last year of art school.
You're good.
- Why did you learn sign language?
- I'm the tardy student.
Well, I wanted some artistic inspiration.
The fact that our hands
can speak is magical.
- And Hyun...
- What about Doctor Kwak?
He said it was because of a patient.
A patient?
Se Jin, we need to give you a shot.
In his practical training,
he became close with a sick patient.
The child was deaf.
Se Jin, you need to get better,
so you can play with your friends.
Se Jin, you can do a good job, right?
Se Jin, your friends said they miss you.
He wanted to know
what that child was saying.
He wanted to hear her.
He must have studied hard.
He's so good now.
Yes, he was the most superb student.
That patient was lucky.
That patient must have been happy.
Well, not necessarily.
I'm sorry.
Did I wake you up?
How... do you know sign language?
I learned because we're friends.
- Is there anything you need?
- Water.
- Water?
- I'm thirsty.
Please give me some water.
I'm on it.
Se Jin. Se Jin.
- Doctor Yoon.
- Move.
Prepare the defibrillator. Charge to 100.
Clear!
150. Clear!
What about the child?
She's gone.
She said she wanted water.
She asked for water
because she was thirsty.
She said she wanted water...
but I couldn't even do that for her.
[DF Ver] Episode 15 Hospital Ship "Sign Language"
-= Ruo Xi =-
A grown man was crying his eyes out.
Gosh, poor thing...
That's when I decided
I'd make him my man,
and that I'd never let him go.
- That was what I thought.
- Wow.
That's so romantic.
- Do you think it's true?
- Who knows?
Didn't Hyun say
he didn't have a girlfriend?
- We both heard it.
- Then what's with Artist Choi?
How would I know? Ask her directly.
Was it because of Doctor Song?
Because he wanted to date her?
Are you sure they're having a fling?
- That's what my intuition tells me.
- Is he a cheater?
Wow, I see him in a new light.
How can Hyun cheat,
when Jae Geol can't even do it?
That's true.
Wait, but Hyun isn't that type.
You know how it is.
The quiet ones are unpredictable.
We dealt with the emergency,
but he needs more treatment.
Thank you. Thank you.
There's a nurse at the hospital who knows
sign language, so I gave her a heads up.
That's why...
His guardians can get in.
Six years? Are you serious?
Yeah, they dated really passionately.
- It looks like they'll get married.
- They're... getting married?
Why doesn't this door close properly?
It'll be difficult for me to
butt in, won't it?
- That's a given.
- It'll be hard.
Engaged? Who's engaged?
You.
Geez, seriously.
Was everything Artist Choi said a lie?
No, it's true we dated.
Did you dump her before you came
to serve in the military? You did.
- It's been a while.
- That's strange.
Then why is she telling
everyone you're engaged?
I guess she couldn't find anyone else.
That's true.
It's hard to compete with you.
- Where is she?
- How would I know? Call her.
- I don't have her number.
- Did you delete it?
Wow, if you deleted her number,
it's really over.
So why?
I'm sure she doesn't want anyone else to
have him, even if she doesn't want him.
Who? Doctor Song?
- Hey.
- Then is there someone else?
Geez, these look like flowers.
We're back...
Welcome!
Did Artist Choi make all of this?
- Of course!
- What's that smell?
- It looks delicious.
- Why are you standing there?
- Hurry up and sit down.
- It looks delicious!
Hurry up and eat.
- Wow, this is good!
- This is amazing.
You're a great cook.
Her art is even better.
We need to sell her work
and buy a lot of new equipment.
Doctor Song, is there anything you need?
Tell me what you need.
I'll buy you everything!
Look at you getting ahead of yourself.
These are words of blessing.
Words of blessing.
I'm telling her to create
more beautiful art.
And by the way, Artist Choi
will live here starting today.
- Huh?
- Why?
Why is she barging into our dorm?
What do you mean?
Why are you being so brutal?
I don't paint people's bodies,
but their hearts.
If I want to get to know their hearts,
it's best to live with them.
It's good to eat and sleep together.
You speak so eloquently.
You shine very brightly.
Artist Choi, I understand your intent
but why don't you look elsewhere?
This place isn't very suitable
for you to stay.
And we only have three rooms upstairs.
That's right. I share one with
Nurse Pyo, and the other one...
Doctor Song must use it alone.
- Yes.
- Let's share, Bis Sister.
Let's do that then.
This... is your room?
Why is your room so empty?
Are you going to leave soon?
Unpack your bags.
- Where are you going?
- Do I have to answer that?
No.
Don't you have anything to say to me?
I don't.
- What are you doing?
- Why don't you have anything to say?
I'm sure you heard the rumors
about Young Eun and me...
Haven't you heard?
- I heard it.
- Then why aren't you doing anything?
You should be mad and ask
for an explanation.
"What's wrong with you? What happened?"
"What did you do to me?"
Something like that.
Why?
Why should I be curious about that?
Because...
Are you really unfazed?
Am I... nothing to you?
Of course.
Hyun.
Here you are. Let's go for a walk.
Hurry. Let's go, okay?
- Let's go outside.
- For a walk?
Let's talk.
Is this the best place to come
after one year of not seeing each other?
Pack your bags.
- Go back.
- I'm here to work.
If you're here to work, just work
instead of spreading rumors.
What?
- Are we engaged?
- Aren't we?
Young Eun.
We have couple rings, and we promised
to have two children that look like us.
Doesn't that mean we're engaged? Do we
have to have a ceremony to be engaged?
- This was before we broke up.
- We never broke up.
- It's been over a year.
- I said, we never broke up.
- You left me.
- That was a mistake.
Young Eun.
I made a mistake,
and you never broke up with me.
Don't you see this? This was
the last message you sent me.
Don't you remember?
I remember. But that night...
[Young Eun...]
That night?
What about that night?
Is it because I didn't reply?
Forget it. It's all in the past anyway.
Yeah, forget everything.
This happened multiple times already.
You were always there when I returned.
You always waited in the same place,
and accepted me whenever I came back.
- Am I wrong?
- I wanted to be serious about our love.
Don't talk in the past tense.
I...
reflected on my actions,
so please... just this once...
No, I can't do that anymore.
- Why not?
- I don't want to explain.
What's your reason?
Are you seeing someone else?
- Finish your work and go back.
- Hyun.
I'm Doctor Kwak. Can you call me
Doctor Kwak from now on?
I'll call you Artist Choi from now on.
- No.
- Let's use formalities too.
- Let's talk about it.
- I have nothing more to say.
And this is the last time
we'll meet alone.
You must like exercising.
- Yes.
- Artist Choi!
They told you to use these.
Gosh, how am I supposed to sleep
with such thin blankets?
It'll make my back hurt.
Then, ask Doctor Song for her bedding.
That's okay. I'll just sleep with Hyun.
What?
What is it? Where is Artist Choi
going in that attire?
"Gosh, it'll make my back hurt."
"I'll just sleep with Hyun."
What? Is she crazy?
- Doctor Song, does this make sense?
- What if it doesn't?
- Are you unfazed by it?
- Should I be affected by it?
Well, I guess not.
Let's sleep. We have to start
an hour earlier tomorrow morning.
Let's do that then.
- That's weird.
- What's weird?
You don't have to know.
Is she really unfazed?
My gut instinct has never been wrong.
[Episode 16 will begin shortly.]
Subtitles by DramaFever